Chloe?
I brought gifts for everyone.
I hope you like them.
Is this a limited edition or may I scar?
I can't believe it.
Chloe, what happened to you?
You look beautiful, stunning!
An elegant...wow.
Tell us what's going on.
I just...got a new job.
I love your instal.
Are you actually living in a mansion with maids?
I have to ask.
Are you with a billionaire?
Well, I like to keep my private life private.
He's actually a trillionaire.
Oh my God!
I've always knew not of something special.
Where the hell are you taking it?
Who are you doing?
You're with a billionaire?
A trillionaire, actually.
And he's everything I deserve.
Why did you lie to me?
I've been wanting you to feel bad because he's everything you ever wanted.
You know I don't care about the money.
I paid our entire rent for years.
Are you really asking me for money right now?
Just give me a number, I'll pay whatever to get you to shut up.
That's not what I'm saying.
You're just jealous.
Look, let's be realistic.
We're different types of people.
I'm rich.
You're poor.
You don't really have anything common.
So you're sleeping with some rich guy and suddenly underneath you?
You've always been beneath me.
You know what?
You're right.
We're not the same kind of people.